gh-1428 clarify on_connect description + translation (#1539)
tarantool/doc: doc/reference/reference_lua/net_box.rst

.. function:: conn:on_connect([trigger-function[, old-trigger-function]])

>     Define a trigger for execution when a new connection is established, auth

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Define a trigger for execution when a new connection is established, and authentication
```

>     and schema fetch are finished due to an event such as ``net_box.connect``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    and schema fetch are completed due to an event such as ``net_box.connect``.
```

    If the trigger execution fails and an exception happens, the connection's

>     state becomes 'error'. Then the connection is terminated, regardless of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    state changes to 'error'. In this case, the connection is terminated, regardless of the
```

    ``reconnect_after`` option's value. Can be called as many times as

>     the reconnection happens, if the ``reconnect_after`` is greater then zero.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    reconnection happens, if ``reconnect_after`` is greater than zero.
```
